docs/index.rst, before:

.. arrangeit documentation master file, created by
   sphinx-quickstart on Fri May 10 14:18:42 2019.
   You can adapt this file completely to your liking, but it should at least
   contain the root `toctree` directive.

arrangeit v0.3alpha documentation
=================================

.. image:: https://travis-ci.org/ipaleka/arrangeit.svg?branch=master
    :target: https://travis-ci.org/ipaleka/arrangeit
.. image:: https://coveralls.io/repos/github/ipaleka/arrangeit/badge.svg
    :target: https://coveralls.io/github/ipaleka/arrangeit

**arrangeit** is a cross-platform desktop utility that helps you placing your
desktop's open windows. It is a utility mostly based on the mouse movements, with
some keyboard shortcuts as helpers.

It should be possible to run **arrangeit v0.3alpha** under X Windows in
GNU/Linux (Wayland is not supported. Yet...) and under MS Windows.

Mac OS X support is expected in the next **v0.4beta** release.


.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2
   :caption: Contents:

   installation
   userguide

   development

   legal

   api


Indices and tables
==================

* :ref:`genindex`
* :ref:`modindex`
* :ref:`search`

Commit message:

Documentation index page updated with history data

docs/index.rst, after:

.. arrangeit documentation master file, created by
   sphinx-quickstart on Fri May 10 14:18:42 2019.
   You can adapt this file completely to your liking, but it should at least
   contain the root `toctree` directive.

arrangeit v0.3alpha documentation
=================================

.. image:: https://travis-ci.org/ipaleka/arrangeit.svg?branch=master
    :target: https://travis-ci.org/ipaleka/arrangeit
.. image:: https://coveralls.io/repos/github/ipaleka/arrangeit/badge.svg
    :target: https://coveralls.io/github/ipaleka/arrangeit

**arrangeit** is a cross-platform desktop utility that helps you placing your
desktop's open windows. It is a utility mostly based on the mouse movements, with
some keyboard shortcuts as helpers.

Version 0.91 was the last published version of a `Win95/98 desktop utility`_ named
ArrangeIt. Twenty years later, new software with the name **arrangeit** is born.
It has been developed from the scratch in Python and the initial public release
v0.3alpha is now `available to download`_ from the Github. Please bear in mind that
this version is alpha software and it's not suitable for production.

It should be possible to run **arrangeit v0.3alpha** under X Windows in
GNU/Linux (Wayland is not supported. Yet...) and under MS Windows.

Mac OS X support is expected in the next **v0.4beta** release.

.. _Win95/98 desktop utility: https://github.com/ipaleka/arrangeit/tree/master/assets
.. _available to download: https://github.com/ipaleka/arrangeit/releases/tag/v0.3alpha

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2
   :caption: Contents:

   installation
   userguide

   development

   legal

   api


Indices and tables
==================

* :ref:`genindex`
* :ref:`modindex`
* :ref:`search`
